add event_extension var (#31)
fivetran/dbt_iterable_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_iterable_source v0.8.2
[PR #31](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_iterable_source/pull/31) contains the following updates:

## Bug Fixes

> - Introduces variable `iterable__using_event_extension` to disable the `stg_iterable__event_extension` model. This allows the downstream models to run even if the source `event_extension` table does not exist. For more information on how to configure refer to the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_iterable_source/blob/main/README.md#enabling-and-disabling-models).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduces variable `iterable__using_event_extension` to disable the `stg_iterable__event_extension` model. This allows the downstream models to run even if the source `event_extension` table does not exist. For more information on how to configure refer to the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_iterable_source/blob/main/README.md#step-4-enablingdisabling-models).
```
